I'm Sean Burke original team rider and
teach you some tricks and teach you an
impossible all right replacement for an
impossible you're going to move your
front foot out of 40 to 45 degree angle
with the board right there with your
foot your front toe is going to be just
over the bottom hardware peas and then
for your back foot it's going to be at a
50 to 60 degree angle with the board
right from there with your foot the
inner part of your foot it's going to be
angled upwards from around 30 to 40
degrees
you get the proper rotation of it
impossible you're going to need to
crouch down and then quickly jump off
slapping the tail down and sliding your
front foot all you'll need to point your
back foot downwards and move in a
clockwise motion to get the board to
wrap around your back foot at the same
time front foot need to be out of the
way the board so you'll need to bend
your knee towards your chest at the last
90 degrees of the rotation gradually
level out your back foot and catch up a
front foot straight takes a long time to
learn to keep practicing don't get
frustrated with it it'll get it
you